Advanced NPF Calculator & Astrophoto Analyzer
This project consists of a feature-rich frontend for calculating astrophotography exposure times and a backend service to analyze uploaded astrophotos using the Astrometry.net API.

The backend now uses a single, high-resolution, pre-composited local skymap and advanced astronomical reprojection to generate perfectly framed, distortion-free images of your celestial target.

Project Files
index.html: The main web application file (frontend).

styles.css: The stylesheet for the web application.

backend.py: The Python Flask server that handles all API requests and image processing.

README.md: This setup guide.

composite_skymap_16k.png: (You must provide this) The single, pre-composited high-resolution skymap image.

Setup Instructions
Step 1: Provide the Composite Skymap
This is a mandatory step for the constellation image feature to work.

Create or acquire your high-resolution skymap image that already has the starmap, constellation figures, and coordinate grid combined. An 8k (8192x4096) image is recommended for a good balance of performance and quality.

Important: Save this file in your project folder and name it exactly composite_skymap_16k.png.

Step 2: Get an Astrometry.net API Key
The image analysis feature requires an API key from Astrometry.net.

Go to http://nova.astrometry.net/ and create a free account.

Log in, click your username, and go to "My profile".

Your API key is listed on this page. The backend code (backend.py) has already been updated with the key you provided (ijfeegmtjoendrmy).

Step 3: Install Python Dependencies
The backend requires several Python libraries. Open your terminal or command prompt and run the following command to install them:

pip install Flask flask-cors requests astropy Pillow reproject numpy

Step 4: Run the Backend Server
Navigate to the project directory in your terminal (the folder where you saved all the files).

Run the backend server with the following command:

python backend.py

Made by Atharv Gogia & Kunal Krishna